Yo
I didn't expect you to dare to come
Is your status suitable to come here?
Could it be that you lost your way by courier?
Hahaha
I'm here to attend the Ye family's birthday banquet
What's the problem?
Li Shao, do you know who this is?
He is my ex-husband
He is a stinky courier.
So fucking drunk
I'll tell you what.
Today is the Ye family birthday banquet
And the second lady of the Ye family can't ride a bicycle
To that house
And you hurt me
We're not dead yet
Broke into the banquet again today
Sin plus one
Tell me how you want to die
Not convinced, right?
If you are not convinced
Take the mistress who protected you before
Call him, he didn't say he was Miss Ye
Why didn't you come today?
I know him.
Must not be qualified to come
Hahaha who collects
Second Miss Ye Jiang has arrived
Shen Yan
Could it be that you really helped the second miss of the Ye family?
I don't believe it.
How could you really be the second miss of the Ye family?
Miss Ye
I will never be Tarzan
Please forgive me.